Update manifests warning (#3748)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/started/installing-kubeflow.md

### Kubeflow Manifests

The Kubeflow Manifests are aggregated by the Manifests Working Group and are intended to be

> used by users with Kubernetes knowledge and as the base of packaged distributions.

Reviewer: I think this language is verging on violating the [charter of the manifests working group](https://github.com/kubeflow/community/blob/master/wg-manifests/charter.md) which explicitly prevents the creation of an "official distribution" of Kubeflow. It must be clear that the primary purpose of the manifests is to be the base of distributions, and `"users with Kubernetes knowledge"` really sounds like everyone.

Here is my suggestion that gives less of an implication that the manifests are the "official distribution":

```suggestion
used as the base of _packaged distributions_, and by those who want to build a custom deployment.
```

Author: It is not verging on that.

To cite from the charter:

"In scope
**Code**, Binaries and Services
Maintain tooling to automate copying manifests from upstream app repos.
Maintain a catalog that will **allow users to install Kubeflow apps and common services easily on Kubernetes**, either on the cloud or on-prem, without depending on external cloud services or closed source solutions. Those manifests are deployed using kubectl and kustomize and include: ..."

So i think 

```
The Kubeflow Manifests are aggregated by the Manifests Working Group and are intended to be
used by users with Kubernetes knowledge and as the base of packaged distributions.
```

is still correct.

CC @kubeflow/kubeflow-steering-committee

Users may choose to install the manifests for a specific Kubeflow version by following the
instructions in the `README` of the [`kubeflow/manifests`](https://github.com/kubeflow/manifests) repository.

> - [**Kubeflow 1.8.1:**](/docs/releases/kubeflow-1.8/)

Reviewer: This does not need to say `1.8.1`, given this section is about listing all the releases for `1.8` (we also list the `v1.8-branch` under it).

Author: This is something i can revert then.

  - [`v1.8-branch`](https://github.com/kubeflow/manifests/tree/v1.8-branch#installation) <sup>(development branch)</sup>
  - [`v1.8.1`](https://github.com/kubeflow/manifests/tree/v1.8.1#installation)
- [**Kubeflow 1.7:**](/docs/releases/kubeflow-1.7/)
  - [`v1.7-branch`](https://github.com/kubeflow/manifests/tree/v1.7-branch#installation) <sup>(development branch)</sup>
  - [`v1.7.0`](https://github.com/kubeflow/manifests/tree/v1.7.0#installation)

{{% alert title="Warning" color="warning" %}}
Using the Kubeflow manifests requires some understanding of Kubernetes.

> The Kubeflow community support for Kubeflow manifests is best-effort for environment-specific issues or custom configurations.

Reviewer: It's important that we hit two points in this warning to avoid users becoming frustrated:

1. The user needs to be familiar with Kubernetes, Istio, and Kubeflow itself to successfully use the manifests for anything more than testing. Saying `"some understanding of Kubernetes"` does not adequately represent this.
2. The Kubeflow community does not provide support for environment-specific issues. 
We don't officially provide `"best effort support"`, it's important that users understand they will be largely supporting themselves, and that they should reach out to a vendor if they need support.

If we want to soften the language without removing these key points, here is my proposal:

```suggestion
Using the Kubeflow Manifests in production requires working knowledge of Kubernetes, Istio, and Kubeflow itself.
When using the Kubeflow manifests, the community is not able to provide support for environment-specific issues or custom configurations. If you need support, please consider using a [packaged distribution](#packaged-distributions).
```

Author: Regarding 

1.
I think Basic Kubernetes knowledge is enough. You do not need to understand the details of Istio to get it running for example. Many users install and use it succesfully without understanding Istio. 
"Kubeflow itself" does not make sense to me, because you need to install it first to become familiar with Kubeflow.

2. 
We do provide best effort support on Slack and in the repository/issue tracker, so that is not true.

I can change it to:
```
{{% alert title="Warning" color="warning" %}} Using the Kubeflow manifests requires basic Kubernetes knowledge.
The Kubeflow community support for Kubeflow manifests is only best-effort and not guaranteed for environment-specific issues or custom configurations.  Nevertheless, we welcome contributions and bug reports very much. {{% /alert %}}
```
